Change to be more focused on interventions (#119)
greenelab/iscb-diversity-manuscript: content/20.results.md

](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/greenelab/iscb-diversity/f7b8a119faf269f072886bd4e50d533a0913252a/figs/us_racial_makeup.png){#fig:us_racial_makeup}

> ### Improvments to Honoree Diversity Subsequent to Our Primary Analysis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Improvements to Honoree Diversity Subsequent to Our Primary Analysis
```

> While our study was primarily designed to assess the diversity of honorees, the findings raise important questions about what can be done to address the situation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While our study was primarily designed to assess the diversity of honorees, the findings raise important questions about what can be done to address the disparities.
```

> The widespread adoption of preprints in biology and medicine enables us to begin to address these questions by examining any changes subsequent to our initial report.

Reviewer: I'm trying to avoid using "address" too many times.

```suggestion
By publishing our original findings on the biorxiv preprint server, we could begin to answer these questions by examining changes subsequent to our initial report.
```

We released [version 1.0](https://github.com/greenelab/iscb-diversity-manuscript/releases/tag/v1.0) of our manuscript on 2020-01-30.
Early indications suggest ISCB is now increasing the diversity of honorees.
In 2020, among 12 ISCB Fellows and 5 ISMB keynote speakers, the mean predicted probability of each honoree having an East Asian name is 33%, higher than any estimate in previous years (see [notebook](https://greenelab.github.io/iscb-diversity/15.analyze-2020.html)).
The set of honorees also includes the first ISCB Fellow from China.
Compared to past years, the 2020 honorees appear to better reflect the diversity of scientists in the computational biology field.

> These new results suggest two things: 1) honorees with appropriate levels of accomplishment who were members of under-recognized groups existed but were not being recognized; and 2) that in certain situations simply examining honoree distribution's alignment with the field can begin to address issues of unequal representation.

Reviewer: How about something a bit shorter like this:

```suggestion
These new results suggest: 1) deserving honorees who were members of under-recognized groups existed but had not been recognized until now, and 2) simply examining honoree distribution's alignment with the field can trigger changes that address issues of unequal representation.
```
